Please add here:

1. any comments/bugs that need to be corrected
2. The history of bugs and how they were resolved.

There is an issue tracker with out tools - Travis, Istanbul, and code climae as described in the submission document

BUGS TO FIX:

1. add Graphs
2. Failed trades dont  display in the table
3. Child Trades are executed in correct order
4. Buy button does not work correctly

BUGS THAT HAVE BEEN FIXED :

1. Clicking a Buy button is blocked on the Place Order page.

The issue has been corrected by removing a blocking attribute from the function eclaration in main in tradeWizard/ui
- hte green buy button can be clicked but new error is introduced - buy does not work properly

2. There is not a list of all trades

Trades have been combined and show in 1 table by clicking a giant green button all
-the trades can be further segmented in logical order.

3. Twap should the be the default trading strategy

Twap has been set as he default trading strategy
-Immediate Sale is given less relevance

4.Store Uid

Uid has been stored with each executed trade in tradeWizard/ui
-each trde in the tble now shows trader UID

5.   When hover over a table ensure the user knows that rows are clickable

A feature has been added that gives a row over which a mouse hovers a different color.





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































