These system tests are designed to cover a broad range of test
that is difficult to cover via code, and hence is better tested by the user.

Most of these system tests are on the base of greybox testing where both user interface
as well as database inputs are being checked for correctness.

The system tests were properly tested and any bugs found were recorder in the manual issue tracker

Particularly, test 8 needs much work.


The tests below should be quite comprehensive. Albeit they are rather simple, these tests test the entire interaction of the system.

If there was a significant bug, the following tests would likely reveal it.


1. Test Buy orders:

a. Click 'Place Order'
b. Enter parameters for the trade
c. Click 'Buy'

Check that:

a. Order is added to the table
b. Order is added into the database
c. All parameters are correct
d. Child and Parent trades display as they ought to
e. Check if exchange is responding

2. Test Sell orders:

a. Click 'Place Order'
b. Enter parameters for the trade
c. Click 'Sell'

Check that:

a. Order is added to the table
b. Order is added into the database
c. All parameters are correct
d. Child and Parent trades display as they ought to
e. Check if exchange is responding


3. Test Pagination:

a. Place a large amount of orders
b. Click through the pagination

Check that:

a. Orders are in the desirable order
b. Pagination works both ways without altering the order of orders
c. There are no changes in the database

4. Change Strategy of ongoing order:

a. Place Buy or Sell Order
b. Before all child trades are completed, chenge TWAP strategy to Immediate Sale

Check that:

a. Change of strategy is reflected in the database
b. Remaining order is 'immediately' completed


5. Cancel Pending Order:

a. Use a Mock object to place an order that will likely not be confirmed by the exchange
b. The order should result as pending
c. Click 'Cancel' to cancel the order

Check that:

a. There is no information about the order in the database
b.  There is a clear log of the order in the table - although it was never confirmed


6. Place many orders

a. Place a very large set of orders

Check that:

a. the system is not slowing down
b. Slow system may imply memory leaks


7. I can display details about each trade

Check that

a. clicking on a row in the main trade table displays a list of child orders and details about a trade

8. Graph is constantly updated from the exchange

a.  check that graph is being constanty updated from the exchange


9.  Check an existing user can log in

a. check that main page is displayed afterward

10.  Check an existing user can log out

a. check that main page vanishes afterward and login page appears


11. 

a. Check that Creating new user is saved.

a. create new user, log in, log out, and log back in with the same user name
b. if the procedure does not succeed, creating new users does not work properly





























































































































































































